Managing code update (#276)
astronomer/airflow-guides: guides/managing-airflow-code.md

To create a project with this structure automatically, you can install the [Astronomer CLI](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.25/develop/cli-quickstart#step-3-initialize-an-airflow-project) and initialize a project with `astro dev init`.

If you are not running Airflow with Docker or have different requirements for your organization, your project structure may look slightly different. The most important part is choosing a structure that works for your team and keeping it consistent so that anyone working with Airflow can easily transition between projects without having to re-learn a new structure.

## When to Separate Projects

The most common setup for Airflow projects is to have all Airflow DAGs that are deployed to the same Airflow deployment live in the same repository. There are multiple cases where it might make sense to separate DAGs into multiple projects that get deployed to _different_ Airflow deployments:

- Controlling access: RBAC should be managed at the Airflow deployment level rather than at the DAG level. So if Team A and Team B should only have access to their own team's DAGs, it probably makes sense to split them up into two projects and deployments.

> - Infrastructure considerations: For example, if you have a set of DAGs that are well suited to the Kubernetes executor and another set that are well suited to the Celery executor, you may wish to break them up into two different projects that feed Airflow deployments with different infrastructure (note the [Astronomer platform](https://www.astronomer.io/product) makes this trivial to set up).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Infrastructure considerations: For example, if you have a set of DAGs that are optimized for the Kubernetes executor and another set that are optimized for the Celery executor, you may wish to break them up into two different Airflow deployments with different infrastructure (note that the [Astronomer platform](https://www.astronomer.io/product) makes this trivial to set up).
```
Bit of a cheeky Astronomer reference here ;) we don't really mention Executors on the product page, maybe it's better to link out to our technical docs here? Say, [this doc](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/cloud/stable/deploy/configure-deployment)?

Author: Ha, it is a bit cheeky! But felt like it was warranted given this is one of (in my opinion) the main benefits of using Astronomer. Agree with the link suggestion, will update.

- Dependency management: If DAGs have conflicting Python or OS dependencies, one way of managing this can be breaking them up into separate projects so they are isolated from one another.

> Occasionally, some use cases require DAGs from multiple projects to be deployed to the _same_ Airflow deployment. This is a less common pattern and is not recommended for project organization unless it is specifically required. In this case, deploying the files from different repositories together into one Airflow deployment should be managed by your CI/CD tool. Note that if you are implementing this use case on Astronomer, you will need to use the [NFS deployment method](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.25/deploy/deploy-nfs).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rarely, some use cases require DAGs from multiple projects to be deployed to the _same_ Airflow deployment. This is a less common pattern and is not recommended for project organization unless it is specifically required. In this case, deploying the files from different repositories together into one Airflow deployment should be managed by your CI/CD tool. Note that if you are implementing this use case on Astronomer, you will need to use the [NFS deployment method](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.25/deploy/deploy-nfs).  
```
Can we give a brief example of when this could be required, or is it too complex of a use case to even get into here?

Author: Any examples I know of are too complex/niche (in my opinion) to list here. I don't want to _suggest_ that anybody do this, but I know there are people out there that do so wanted to provide some guidance in those cases.

## Reusing Code

> Any code that is re-used between projects (e.g. custom hooks or operators, DAG templates, etc.) should live in separate repositories in your version control tool. This ensures that any changes to the code (e.g. updates to a custom operator) only need to be made in one place and will be reflected across all projects where that code is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any code that is reused between projects (e.g. custom hooks or operators, DAG templates, etc.) should live in a repository that's separate from your individual project repositories. This ensures that any changes to the re-used code (e.g. updates to a custom operator) only need to be made once and apply across all projects where that code is used.
```

> You can then pull in code from that separate repository into your Airflow project. If you are working with Astronomer, check out our documentation on [building from a private repository](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.25/develop/customize-image#build-from-a-private-repository). Depending on your repository setup, it may also be possible to manage this with your CI/CD tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then pull in code from that separate repository into one of your Airflow projects. If you are working with Astronomer, check out our documentation on [building from a private repository](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.25/develop/customize-image#build-from-a-private-repository). Depending on your repository setup, it may also be possible to manage this with your CI/CD tool.
```

## Development Flow

> You can extend the project structure described above to work for developing DAGs and promoting code through `dev`, `QA`, and `production` environments. The most common method for managing code promotion with this project structure is to use branching. You still maintain one project/repository, and create `dev` and `qa` branches for any code in development or testing. Your `main` branch should correspond to code that is deployed to production. You then use your CI/CD tool to manage promotion between these three branches. For more on this, checkout out our docs on [implementing CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.25/deploy/ci-cd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can extend the project structure described above to work for developing DAGs and promoting code through `dev`, `QA`, and `production` environments. The most common method for managing code promotion with this project structure is to use branching. You still maintain one project/repository, and create `dev` and `qa` branches for any code in development or testing. Your `main` branch should correspond to code that is deployed to production. You can then use your CI/CD tool to manage promotion between these three branches. For more on this, check out Astronomer's docs on [implementing CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.25/deploy/ci-cd).
```
